note `--user` args usage restriction (#1900)
docker/cli: docs/reference/run.md

    --user=[ user | user:group | uid | uid:gid | user:gid | uid:group ]

> **Note:** if you pass a numeric uid, it must be in the range of 0-2147483647.

> > If you pass a user name, the user must be already exist in the container.

Reviewer: Sorry for the long delay; think this PR dropped of my radar; I see a small grammatical error; `be already exist` should probably be `must already exist`, but perhaps we can simplify a bit;

```suggestion
> If you pass a username, the user must exist in the container.
```

Author: Thanks, it has been edited as suggested, please review again.
